docs: Document nulls_distinct on unique indexes (#752)
serverpod/serverpod_docs: docs/06-concepts/03-data-and-the-database/02-database/09-indexing.md

    unique: true
```

### Null values in unique indexes

A unique index treats null values as distinct, so any number of rows can hold null in an indexed field without colliding. Set `nulls_distinct: false` to make them collide instead, which is what turns a nullable column into a "one row per key" constraint:

```yaml
class: Product
table: product
fields:
  tenantId: int
  sku: String
  deletedAt: DateTime?
indexes:
  product_active_sku_idx:
    fields: tenantId, sku, deletedAt
    unique: true
    nulls_distinct: false
```

In this example, a tenant can have at most one product with a given `sku` and no `deletedAt`. Deleted rows carry a timestamp, so they no longer collide with each other.

> The key is only allowed on unique indexes, and leaving it out keeps the database default. SQLite cannot express `nulls_distinct: false`, so creating a migration for SQLite with models that use it will fail.

Reviewer: Suggestion: "models that use it" reads as "models that use `nulls_distinct`", but only `false` throws. `sqlite.dart:220` guards on `nullsDistinct == false`, so `nulls_distinct: true` is accepted and emits a plain unique index, which is already SQLite's behaviour.

```suggestion
The key is only allowed on unique indexes, and leaving it out keeps the database default. SQLite cannot express `nulls_distinct: false`, so creating a SQLite migration for a model that sets it fails. Setting it to `true` is accepted, since that matches what SQLite already does.
```
